## Repository organisation
The repository is organised in folders:
- '/notebooks' contains the jupyter notebooks where most of the work is being developed
- '/data' contains all the .csv files. Model predictions are obtained outside this repository and saved in this folder. Subfolders might be created if needed
- '/src' contains important functions I will re-use throughout the repository, to avoid typing them each time
- '/figures' contains the plots I have produced during the model validation process
- 'requirements.txt' lists all the required packages to run the notebooks in this repository. If possible I also specify the version of the package I am using.

## WEEK2 TASK1 DETAILS:
- I have used eos30f3 model to make predictions on chembl dataset
- I got the cheml dataset from the public repository - 'ersilia-intro-workshop'. The path to the dataset is provided below:
  https://github.com/ersilia-os/ersilia-intro-workshop/blob/main/data/m1_datasets/chembl_50k.csv
- I have written the code in 00_model_bias.ipynd to make prdictions on the above mentioned dataset using eos30f3 model
- The data used to make predictions and the predictions achieved are saved in /data folder

## WEEK2 TASK2 DETAILS:
- I have used eos30f3 publication to complete this task
- The dataset used is from the github repo: https://github.com/AI-amateur/DMPNN-hERG/tree/main
- AuthorPredictions are in folder: '/data/AuthorsPrediction' while the predictions I ran are in /data folder(used naming convention same as authors)
- The file "P_test_moe2060.csv" contains the predictions generated by the D-MPNN+moe206 model for the test dataset during the first run of a 5-fold    cross-validation. Additionally, the files "P_test_moe2061.csv", "P_test_moe2062.csv", "P_test_moe2063.csv", and "P_test_moe2064.csv" represent the   prediction results from the remaining four runs of the same 5-fold cross-validation process. These files are based on the feature file
  "train_1004VS1385_moe206.csv".
- Test data - test_108VS147_moe206.csv
- The file P_test_noFP0.csv contains the prediction results for the test dataset generated by the D-MPNN model without any additional descriptors.     This file corresponds to the predictions from the first run of the 5-fold cross-validation. Additionally, the files P_test_noFP1.csv,
  P_test_noFP2.csv, P_test_noFP3.csv, and P_test_noFP4.csv represent the prediction results from the remaining four runs of the 5-fold cross-validation process.
- Results of evaluting performance:
   1) The file eva_D3_test_108VS147_P_test_moe2060.csv contains the evaluation results of the D-MPNN+moe206 model from the first run of the 5-fold
     cross-validation. Similarly, eva_D3_test_108VS147_P_test_moe2061.csv, eva_D3_test_108VS147_P_test_moe2062.csv,
     eva_D3_test_108VS147_P_test_moe2063.csv, and eva_D3_test_108VS147_P_test_moe2064.csv represent the evaluation outcomes from the remaining four
     runs in the 5-fold cross-validation process.
   2) The file named eva_D3_test_108VS147_P_test_noFP0.csv contains the evaluation results of the D-MPNN model's performance without any additional
     descriptors. These results are from the first run of a 5-fold cross-validation process.
     Similarly, eva_D3_test_108VS147_P_test_noFP1.csv, eva_D3_test_108VS147_P_test_noFP2.csv, eva_D3_test_108VS147_P_test_noFP3.csv, and
     eva_D3_test_108VS147_P_test_noFP4.csv contain the evaluation results from the remaining four runs of the 5-fold cross-validation process.
- The predictions got from EMH are saved in EMHPredictions.csv.